# Pythonic-Tic-Tac-Toe
Classic Tic-Tac-Toe game written in Python
After learning Python fundamentals over the last few months, I decided it was about time I shipped something.  This code is mostly note for note from @techwithtim 's youtube tutorial, but with a few alterations.  Also, the I've slightly adjusted the board.  I intend to use this code as a framework for more substantial modifications as I develop new skills.  

The tutorial code as written generates errors in the event of a tie game.  I've noted two solutions with comments,  the root cause of the error being a lack of a final return statement in the compMove function.   As written, the compMove function generates a None Type Object which does not mirror the logic in the main function.  Solution one: (Line 108): in the "main" function, set the "if move" statement  function == 'none' rather than == '0', mirroring the comMove logic as written.   Solution two (Line 77):  add a final return statement to the compMove function "closing"  the logic loop by generating a Boolean False/0 Integer and mirroring the main function logic.  This was the solution I chose to implement.

V2 Notes: I have added restart functionality to the original game.  I tinkered with several different approaches, the most common of which was to build new functionality into the "main" function.  I decided to take a different tac.   I created two simple new functions ("clearBoard" and "restart") and nested them within the main function.     Next I put the main function in a while loop and called "restart".  This solution feels more robust than layering new features onto a bloated function.  Also it has provided an opportunity to experiment with readability,  alterability and orthogonality in simple code structure.
